if this discrepancy is this
second generation car
from the predecessor the new car
borrowed characteristic lines
body understated lines of glass and these
massive rails with integrated
extra high beam headlamps
well, and of course, and shana characteristic of
shooter attractive face screening lattice
radiator and in difficult navid headlights in general
100% recognition
a new generation has turned out even more
more will be and more impressive
but unfortunately all more expensive square
what's opening the massive door in
spacious cabin nissan x trail let's see what's there
we have already seen that the outside Nissan x trail
makes an impression
exclusively uss cole car
interior in principle too
here it becomes clear that it is
car for men from the family seems
as if this is a menu n they are an SUV
compared to its predecessor
the new one was decided to characteristically shield
devices on the center console
now the one in front
a friend
here is an interesting solution here
such here are side by glass in which
cool by the way so
that's just the garden will always be hiking
deserves special attention roof
because it is glass and
really huge
just press one key
and this whole huge glass hatch
expresses back
it seems that you
you go on a big off-road but not
less
this gig mood for sure
will increase sensations and the percentage of distant
road and on a journey and
add a sense of freedom
really did not give anything
impression of days
In fact, this is basically enough although
confess honestly so big
expect car
space is still more though what
constantly enough over
head the more here even better
opens the view through the glass
roof but they sang specialization for
rear passengers have only defect
workers
two cup holders
back sofa will not say that is strong
molded it pretty flat
and leather
the most important thing is that the wide gestures of mimicry
It will easily accommodate three people and if
here will go two spider people can
take advantage of
This is such a massive
and pretty comfortable armrest
but the trunk is just built
is huge
but besides that he is big and he is still very
functional
this machine is equipped with systems
whose rank proud nissanovtsy this such
double gender but he is not just double
there is such an option that drinks
drawers
hanging in the daily cyto raft
very convenient because
ships can always be removed
for example a bag with a laptop or what
then small things are this box
and even if it is an attacker
look out the window he can't see anything
the trunk is a huge plus and very
convenient but if you fold the rear
the seats here will get
just huge luggage compartment in
which seems to me easy to fit even
small fridge
the first feeling that appears
turned out to be behind the wheel this is what
this car is a big season
imposing
and this says not only that
why are you sitting high here pretty
high landing
many outstanding forward huge
molded hood
and in principle the dimensions of the car while
surprisingly for the size of the car
it feels very good when
Suppose you have to while he of course
spaces
and as for my language here too
feel that the car is big
the suspension says first
which is pretty soft rolls and this
felt not only in turns but also when
braking acceleration
pretty impressive cells
but at the same time as it is strange car
pretty well managed by him
feel at any moment
and the steering board is pretty report
top you always know which one
the position where the car will go
wheel position is not very important
long it is that time until it stops
rusline revolutions that is it too so they
should not characteristics and
so the car is very good
felt oak rolls just need
get used as for softness so
it just adds comfort again
as i said for
long journeys as for loor
prepared this machine installed
two 100 meter motor power 170
Horse power
together with the assessment of the variator with one
hand power of this motor is enough
quite
especially when you accelerate
as they say in the regiment from under the hood for a long time with
it sounds like a good sound here
November 4 electrolyte 2 liters of gasoline
base motor for relaxed
standard equipment
two-liter diesel engine too
got to know his position in principle
not bad
but since it is a common rail engine
he is still quite high-speed
we can say that it is not anybody else
railway line will be freight
10 connection with this
it can be said about one particular thing
is that if it is thought to buy
x diesel trail with dollars how would you like
prehistory warn them against
car purchase
in the complete set of diesel manual box because
what for example with and overcoming he
SUV obstacle twisting
the moment they strung their attacks
case is being raped
bloom
but you can say the box and the engine
what else to say about
off road potential from
car of course it is much higher than
everybody of course we
but still lower than for example in the same
the parade itself which is basically more
above
but to understand what is capable of
cars
I need to immediately get into the dirt
simply calls carelessly
and it is clear that he is in principle high
it is not so long wheelbase
but at the same time
he has treacherously long rear overhang
which can certainly lead to
is that the foreclosure supplies will lose
rear bumper
so be careful
and on the roads do not forget that
the better to live the farther these costs pc
Well, let's sum up the Nissan Extreil on
our market
perhaps one of the most attractive
offers for just one million rubles
you get big comfortable
principle full SUV good
configuration and with normal
engine if you pay extra 100 thousand
this will receive rubles already diesel
car diesel suv well
million 360 it will turn out already top
version with a glass roof leather
salon electric drives
xenon and so on in my very good
option yet